src/pages/resume.md, before:

---
layout: ../layouts/ResumeLayout.astro
title: 'Resume'
pubDate: 2023-05-09
description: 'Rebecca Clair - Senior Software Engineer'
author: 'Rebecca Clair'
image:
    url: '/images/rebecca_clair.webp'
    alt: 'Rebecca Clair'
---


## Introduction

Experienced senior full stack engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. Highly skilled in C++ / Qt, Ruby, JavaScript, Typescript, and web technologies including HTML and CSS, React.

Additionally, well-developed skills in Internet of Things, Embedded Systems, and software development with RFID technology, and distributed microservice architectures using MQTT and ZeroMQ.

With +15 years of experience working and managing diverse and large teams with effective communication to complete the engineering of successful applications.

In my free time I enjoy practicing extreme sports, creating music and painting.

[GitHub](https://github.com/becksClair) [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/rebecca-clair) [Twitter](https://twitter.com/becksClair)

## Experience

### SEDDI

#### SOFTWARE ENGINEER (SENIOR) 2023 - PRESENT

Member of the front-end development team creating tools for 2D and 3D for clothing design on the web using React.

My role involved improving the architecture of the application, adding tooling to improve development time, and helping with the implementation of tools for image processing similarly to those on programs like Photoshop.

On this role I started a progressive migration to Typescript, used tools like Playwright for integration testing, Jest for unit testing and ESLint for error checking.

I  bootstrapped  a  new  component  architecture  of  centralized  layout  components  to  ease  the  development of future tooling and helped with the UX design of the overall application.

### Voicemod SL

#### SOFTWARE ENGINEER (SENIOR) - TECHNICAL LEAD 2021 - 2022

Technical lead, in the team responsible of the migration of a C# desktop app to a cross-platform app in C++ with Qt, ZeroMQ, etc. Implementing a microservice architecture using ZeroMQ. Using a frontend built with VueJS.

Part of my tasks were coordination of team resources, task assignments, project management, and unblocking tasks for the various teams.

Creating tooling to ease dependency management and I created a tool to wrap and greatly simplify using the Conan package manager.

Link to the article about the tool And implementing workflows for generating multi-binary builds on the Cl pipelines with the newly introduced Apple Silicon architecture.

### HeliaSar Productions

#### SOFTWARE ENGINEER (SENIOR) 2010-PRESENT

Analyzed client requirements and provided automations and full-stack solutions with Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, Typescript, React, C++, C#, and other technologies. Working a wide range of projects and industries, that challenged me to keep always learning and always finding creative solutions to complex business problems. Dealt with client support, managing a business and marketing it.

### (Private Corp)

#### SOFTWARE ENGINEER (SENIOR) 2014-2020

Worked at a startup in Los Angeles, worked remote for several years, and 2 years working on-site in Los Angeles. I was the main responsible for implementing new functionality in the web application, using Ruby on Rails, SQL, JavaScript, etc.

I  was  also  responsible  for  researching  and  implementing  new  software  technologies  to  control  embedded devices with RFID in C++ and D.

Created as well, several back-office and POS applications in C++ with Qt, Java, and C#.

### Coffee & Power

#### SOFTWARE ENGINEER (JUNIOR) 2010 -2012

Web and mobile development in HTML / CSS - PHP and JavaScript specialized in application architecture, backend implementation and fronted coding.

Credited work:

- Coffee and Power web and mobile sites - Worklist.net site
- Worklist.net's Journal site

### LoveMachine, Inc

#### SOFTWARE ENGINEER (JUNIOR) 2010 -2011

Web and mobile development in HTML / CSS - PHP and JavaScript specialized in application architecture, backend implementation and fronted coding.  

Credited work:

- Coffee and Power web and mobile sites - Worklist.net site
- Worklist.net's Journal site
- Sendlove (formerly Lovemachine) - Admin Panel
- Interproject backend api/administration software

## Courses

Introduction to Neuroscience - 2013  
**UNIVERSIDAD DE BERKELEY**

Introduction to Artificial Intelligence - 2012  
**UNIVERSIDAD DE STANFORD**

iPad and iPhone App Development - 2012  
**UNIVERSIDAD DE STANFORD**

## Languages

- **Spanish (Native)**

- **English (Bilingual)**

- **Catalan (Elementary)**

- **French (Basic)**

- **Norwegian (Basic)**

## Technologies

RUBY, PHP, CSS, HTML, JAVASCRIPT, REACT, SOLIDJS, TYPESCRIPT, JEST, PLAYWRIGHT, VUE, WORDPRESS, C, C++, C#, D, KOTLIN, POSTGRESQL, SQL, MYSQL, SQLITE, IOS, SWIFT, ANDROID, JAVA, JQUERY, QT, XAMARIN, XAML, WPF, UWP, REST, API, PASCAL, DELPHI, ASSEMBLY, GOLANG, OPENCV, PYTHON, BASH, POWERSHELL, NGINX, UBUNTU, REDHAT, RHEL, ARDUINO, IOT, MQTT, RFID, ZEBRA, ZPL, GIT, AGILE, SCRUM, PROJECT MANAGEMENT, CHATGPT, CONTINOUS INTEGRATION, CI/CD

Commit message:

update resume with latency experience
update resume with latency experience

src/pages/resume.md, after:

---
layout: ../layouts/ResumeLayout.astro
title: 'Resume'
pubDate: 2023-05-09
description: 'Rebecca Clair - Senior Software Engineer'
author: 'Rebecca Clair'
image:
    url: '/images/rebecca_clair.webp'
    alt: 'Rebecca Clair'
---


## Introduction

Experienced senior full stack engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. Highly skilled in C++ / Qt, Ruby, JavaScript, Typescript, and web technologies including HTML and CSS, React.

Additionally, well-developed skills in Internet of Things, Embedded Systems, and software development with RFID technology, and distributed microservice architectures using MQTT and ZeroMQ.

With +15 years of experience working and managing diverse and large teams with effective communication to complete the engineering of successful applications.

In my free time I enjoy practicing extreme sports, creating music and painting.

[GitHub](https://github.com/becksClair) [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/rebecca-clair) [Twitter](https://twitter.com/becksClair)

## Experience

### Latency Data

#### FULL-STACK SOFTWARE ENGINEER (SENIOR) 2023

Part of the core development team, worked on both frontend and backend aspects of an online investment analysis platform. Utilizing a diverse tech stack including React, TypeScript, D3, and SQL, I contributed to various features and improvements across the application.

My role involved working collaboratively with the data science team, where I had the opportunity to improve my skills in applying economic algorithms and formulas. This was particularly pivotal in the data analysis and presentation segments of the application.

Developing UI components and charts,  this work also involved tackling challenges in state management to ensure smooth and responsive application performance.

Assisting in the simplification and improvement of the core architecture of the project, to allow for faster feature development, and easier maintainability.

### SEDDI

#### SOFTWARE ENGINEER (SENIOR) 2023

Member of the front-end development team creating tools for 2D and 3D for clothing design on the web using React.

My role involved improving the architecture of the application, adding tooling to improve development time, and helping with the implementation of tools for image processing similarly to those on programs like Photoshop.

On this role I started a progressive migration to Typescript, used tools like Playwright for integration testing, Jest for unit testing and ESLint for error checking.

I  bootstrapped  a  new  component  architecture  of  centralized  layout  components  to  ease  the  development of future tooling and helped with the UX design of the overall application.

### Voicemod SL

#### SOFTWARE ENGINEER (SENIOR) - TECHNICAL LEAD 2021 - 2022

Technical lead, in the team responsible of the migration of a C# desktop app to a cross-platform app in C++ with Qt, ZeroMQ, etc. Implementing a microservice architecture using ZeroMQ. Using a frontend built with VueJS.

Part of my tasks were coordination of team resources, task assignments, project management, and unblocking tasks for the various teams.

Creating tooling to ease dependency management and I created a tool to wrap and greatly simplify using the Conan package manager.

Link to the article about the tool And implementing workflows for generating multi-binary builds on the Cl pipelines with the newly introduced Apple Silicon architecture.

### HeliaSar Productions

#### SOFTWARE ENGINEER (SENIOR) 2010-PRESENT

Analyzed client requirements and provided automations and full-stack solutions with Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, Typescript, React, C++, C#, and other technologies. Working a wide range of projects and industries, that challenged me to keep always learning and always finding creative solutions to complex business problems. Dealt with client support, managing a business and marketing it.

### (Private Corp)

#### SOFTWARE ENGINEER (SENIOR) 2014-2020

Worked at a startup in Los Angeles, worked remote for several years, and 2 years working on-site in Los Angeles. I was the main responsible for implementing new functionality in the web application, using Ruby on Rails, SQL, JavaScript, etc.

I  was  also  responsible  for  researching  and  implementing  new  software  technologies  to  control  embedded devices with RFID in C++ and D.

Created as well, several back-office and POS applications in C++ with Qt, Java, and C#.

### Coffee & Power

#### SOFTWARE ENGINEER (JUNIOR) 2010 -2012

Web and mobile development in HTML / CSS - PHP and JavaScript specialized in application architecture, backend implementation and fronted coding.

Credited work:

- Coffee and Power web and mobile sites - Worklist.net site
- Worklist.net's Journal site

### LoveMachine, Inc

#### SOFTWARE ENGINEER (JUNIOR) 2010 -2011

Web and mobile development in HTML / CSS - PHP and JavaScript specialized in application architecture, backend implementation and fronted coding.

Credited work:

- Coffee and Power web and mobile sites - Worklist.net site
- Worklist.net's Journal site
- Sendlove (formerly Lovemachine) - Admin Panel
- Interproject backend api/administration software

## Courses

Introduction to Neuroscience - 2013
**UNIVERSIDAD DE BERKELEY**

Introduction to Artificial Intelligence - 2012
**UNIVERSIDAD DE STANFORD**

iPad and iPhone App Development - 2012
**UNIVERSIDAD DE STANFORD**

## Languages

- **Spanish (Native)**

- **English (Bilingual)**

- **Catalan (Elementary)**

- **French (Basic)**

- **Norwegian (Basic)**

## Technologies

RUBY, PHP, CSS, HTML, JAVASCRIPT, REACT, SOLIDJS, TYPESCRIPT, JEST, PLAYWRIGHT, VUE, WORDPRESS, C, C++, C#, D, KOTLIN, POSTGRESQL, SQL, MYSQL, SQLITE, IOS, SWIFT, ANDROID, JAVA, JQUERY, QT, XAMARIN, XAML, WPF, UWP, REST, API, PASCAL, DELPHI, ASSEMBLY, GOLANG, OPENCV, PYTHON, BASH, POWERSHELL, NGINX, UBUNTU, REDHAT, RHEL, ARDUINO, IOT, MQTT, RFID, ZEBRA, ZPL, GIT, AGILE, SCRUM, PROJECT MANAGEMENT, CHATGPT, CONTINOUS INTEGRATION, CI/CD
